Enhance the Instructions for npm run confluence. (#3167)
mdn/browser-compat-data: USING-CONFLUENCE.md

# Using Confluence

> The confluence command uses the [Web API Confluence Dashboard](http://web-confluence.appspot.com/#!/) to generate new or improved browser compatibility data ready for submission in pull requests. The Web API Confluence Dashboard provides metrics and support data about web platform features across multiple browsers. The MDN Browser Compatibility Database provides a command for using Confluence to generate new and updated JSON files. This page explains how to do this.

Reviewer: * "The confluence command" → "The `npm run confluence` command" (full command on first mention)
* The linked page doesn't actually use the word "Dashboard" so maybe "the Web API Confluence Dashboard" → "Web API Confluence"
* Sentence starting with "The MDN Browser Compatibility Database" can be removed entirely (reiterates the first sentence in this paragraph), then reorder to make the sentences go back together sensibly

Reworked as:

```suggestion
[Web API Confluence Dashboard](http://web-confluence.appspot.com/#!/) provides metrics and support data about web platform features across multiple browsers. The `npm run confluence` command uses Web API Confluence to generate new or improved browser compatibility data ready for submission in pull requests. This page explains how to do this.
```

## Prerequisites

> Before using the confluence command make sure you have done all of the items below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using the `confluence` command make sure you have done the following:
```

> * On GitHub fork this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On GitHub fork [mdn/browser-compat-data](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/).
```

> * In this repo, add your fork as a remote repo: `git remote add fork-name path-to-fork`

Reviewer: OK, a non-copy thing: in my experience, a lot of people have a really hard time with multiple remotes, so maybe let's suggest cloning the fork and calling it a day?

```suggestion
* Clone your fork.
```

Author: No. This tool can only be used locally. Since they can't push directly to origin, they need multiple repos.

Author: If I can't push to mdn/browser-compat-data directly, then I **must** have a fork in order to open a PR.

Reviewer: OK, I don't think I'm any closer to understanding this, but no reason to hold things up over one line. Resolving.

> * In the root of your repo clone run `npm install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the root of your clone, run `npm install`.
```

> * Configure a git [difftool](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-difftool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure a Git [difftool](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-difftool).
```

> ## Basic Procedure

Reviewer: Other headings in this repo use sentence case, so I figure we may as well do the same

```suggestion
## Basic procedure
```

1. On your local `master` branch run `git pull` to update your local data.
1. Create a new branch using `git checkout -b my-new-branch-name`.

> 1. Call the confluence command, passing in the name of web platform interface. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the `confluence` command, passing in the name of web platform interface. For example:
```

> `npm run confluence -- --interfaces=ServiceWorker`

Reviewer: Indentation fix to have continuity in numbering
```suggestion
   `npm run confluence -- --interfaces=ServiceWorker`
```

> If the confluence command finds any differences between existing browser compatibility data and Web API Confluence, it will write a new file. Confirm that it did so by running `git status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the confluence command finds any differences between existing browser compatibility data and Web API Confluence, it will write a new file. Confirm that it did so by running `git status`.
```

> 1. Open the file that changed and manually copy values from `chrome` to `chrome_android` and `webview_android`. See [Only Desktop Data is Available](#only-desktop-data-is-available) for an explanation. Save the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the file that changed and manually copy values from `chrome` to `chrome_android` and `webview_android`. Read [Only Desktop Data is Available](#only-desktop-data-is-available) for an explanation. Save the file.
```

> 1. To review changes made to a JSON file, run `git difftool`. Save the file.

Reviewer: I think this save instruction is a duplicate? Not 100% sure on this one

```suggestion
1. To review changes made to a JSON file, run `git difftool`.
```

Author: Some difftools don't save automatically.

1. Commit your changes using `git add .` then `git commit`.

> 1. Push the branch containing your changes to your repo fork: `git push --set-upstream remote-name branch-name`.

Reviewer: If we stick with the clone suggestion in the prereqs section, otherwise ignore the remote bit
```suggestion
1. Push the branch containing your changes to your fork: `git push --set-upstream origin branch-name`.
```

1. On GitHub open a pull request from your fork to mdn/browswer-compat-data.

## Displaying help

```
npm run confluence -- --help
```

> ## Advanced Procedures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Advanced procedures
```

**Generating data from more than one interface**

Separate interface names with a comma. For example:

```
npm run confluence -- --interfaces=ServiceWorker,CacheStorage
```

**Fill missing or ambiguous data on known interfaces**

The following example does this for Firefox only.

# Limitations

Although it is a useful and, to date, the most automated source of web platform compatibility data, it has limitations you must understand before using it as a source for pull requests. Those limitations are described below.

> ## Only Web Platform API are Available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Only Web Platform APIs are available
```

Web Platform APIs generally refer to features you would use in JavaScript that are not JavaScript itself. You can only use Confluence to verify data in the repo's [api/](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/tree/master/api) directory.

> ## Only Prototype-Exposed Interfaces are Available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Only prototype-exposed interfaces are available
```

The dashboard derives its data from the JavaScript object graph on a sample page loaded in each browser. For example, an own-property named `URL` on `Document.prototype` implies the `Document` interface has a member named `URL`. For various reasons, not all APIs are exposed on JavaScript prototypes, even when the API is available in the browser.

> ## Only Desktop Data is Available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Only desktop data is available
```

> This means that non-desktop data must be set by hand. For example a page generated by Confluence will only contain values for Chrome desktop (labeled `chrome` in the JSON files). The values supplied for Chrome must be manually copied to the fields named `chrome_android` and `webview_android`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that non-desktop data must be set by hand. For example a page generated with Confluence will only contain values for Chrome desktop (labeled `chrome` in the JSON files). The values supplied for Chrome must be manually copied to the fields named `chrome_android` and `webview_android`.
```

These values are usually the same, but not always. You can check this by looking for the feature on [chromestatus.com](https://www.chromestatus.com/features). Although we don't recommend this site as a primary source for compatibility data, it is generally reliable with regards to parity between desktop and Android.

> ## No Data Before Chrome 40

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## No data before Chrome 40
```
